Add base implementation (#1)
21TORR/SnailBundle: README.md

Snail Bundle
============

> Helpers for using *snails* (= slugs with special format)

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
Helpers for using *snails* (= slugs with strict requirements)
```

Author: Our format is less strict than Symfonys slugs, so not sure. 😄

Reviewer: Is it? I'd call it more strict since we don't allow multiple symbol occurrences right after each other, and as starting/ending character. It's been a while since I've checked, but I've remembered the Symfony `@Slug` validation to accept basically anything.
